Shaykh Taner Vargonen Ansari

P: What is you and what is me?
What is you and what is me?
Your nafs is you. You, is what you want to be.
When you are what 'I' want you to be,
Then it is not you.
In the fight against your nafs, you forget the essence of things.
The essence of things is to enjoy Allah and to focus on Allah.
Love is the thing.
When you are in the fight, 
you need to make a habit of remembering Allah.
In the fight against your nafs, you need to remember Allah too.
You can bypass all these with the love you have in your heart
Your quest is to surrender your brain to your heart.

P: The Sun and The Clouds
The sun is always shining. It is the clouds that block its light 
as your nafs blocks the light of your heart.

P: Teaching with Love
If Allah wants to teach you something, 
first He gives you the curiosity about it 
and then He gives you the love for it 
and then the means (makes it possible 
and gives you the knowledge) for it.
This means Allah is doing this.

When you want to do something, 
if it is not happening, 
then, it means Allah does not want it. 
This is not your thing.

P: Love and Hope
Love is the flavour of life.
Love is the oasis in the desert, lifesaver in the sea.
It's the rope for the mountaineers.
It's the hope for the hopeless.

P: Love in the Universe
    The universe is a manifestation 
    of Allah's mercy and love. 
    To know this is to see that everything, 
    even our struggles, 
    is  designed to bring us closer to Him.

P: Uniting Love
    The goal of Sufism is to unite your purpose with Allah's purpose, 
    to unite your existence with Allah's existence, 
    to unite your love with Allah's love. 
    Everything needs to be aligned. 
    When you start doing this, then the purpose becomes one. 
    We call this tawhid, oneness.

P: Observe Love with Love
    Our job is to observe, appreciate, love Allah 
    with the love He is giving us. 
    And not to object to whatever He is trying to teach us. 
    He can put you into different situations to teach you different things. 
    If you keep objecting, how are you going to learn?






