Shaykh Taner Vargonen Ansari

Love is the greatest power on earth and the universe.

Love is hard to get but it is the combining chemistry of everything. 

Love is the fusion between you and everything and everything and everything.

Love is the chemistry where you and I are dissolved.

Love is the chemical in which your impurities are dissolved and the gold within yourself is left glowing.

Love is the magnetic force, the connection, the best connection you can have between you and Allah.

Love is the best method of migration, by which you leave your nafs and unite with your Beloved.

Have you ever asked love where she is coming from, where is she going to and where is her home?

Love is giving yourself to the beloved and not asking it back.
  
Make your goal to love Allah. Surrender to that. 
  
The biggest action is love. 
  
The biggest being is love. 
  
The shortest distance to Allah is love. 
  
The biggest asset that burns all incompleteness is love.

LOVE MAKES ONENESS

In Love, We unite

When nafs [ego] meets nafs, there is a fight, when hearts meet hearts, there is love. 

Allah wants positivity, you are created for love.

The purpose of this world is for us to be a habitat for love.

Allah created this entire universe, for love.

Peace brings love.

Sufis are after Allah’s essence through love.

Sufism is a process of attaining closeness to the Creator through love which is attained by purification of your ego.

Love brings people together.

Violence does not get people, love does. Love gets people together and keeps them.

Allah is loving and wants to share His Love with you.

Life is too short; we only have time for love.
  
The most important relationship between Allah and creation, especially humans, is love.

Sufism is a willingness to be a habitat for love.

If you want to represent Islam, then you have to be an element of peace, love, togetherness, kindness, mercy and knowledge.

We must be wary when certain actions are promoted as earning you certain units of paradise. Allah's love outweighs fear mongering.

Love comes from the heart of the believers, the acceptors of Truth, the mu'minun.

When there is love and softness, it is from Allah. When there is vanity, selfishness, greed, lust and so on, it is from the nafs.

   
